<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:ns="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis">
<head>
<title>Automate the Boring Stuff with Python: Practical Programming for Total Beginners, 2nd Edition</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/9781593279936.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<p class="copy" id="copy"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_iv"/><strong>AUTOMATE THE BORING STUFF WITH PYTHON, 2ND EDITION.</strong> Copyright &#169; 2020 by Al Sweigart.</p>
<p class="copy1">All rights reserved. No part of this work may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the copyright owner and the publisher.</p>
<p class="copy1">Fifth printing<br/></p>
<p class="copy1">25 24 23 22 21    5 6 7 8 9</p>
<p class="copy2">ISBN-10: 1-59327-992-2<br/>ISBN-13: 978-1-59327-992-9</p>
<p class="copy1">Publisher: William Pollock<br/>Production Editor: Laurel Chun<br/>Cover Illustration: Josh Ellingson<br/>Interior Design: Octopod Studios<br/>Developmental Editors: Frances Saux and Jan Cash<br/>Technical Reviewers: Ari Lacenski and Philip James<br/>Copyeditors: Kim Wimpsett, Britt Bogan, and Paula L. Fleming<br/>Compositors: Susan Glinert Stevens and Danielle Foster<br/>Proofreaders: Lisa Devoto Farrell and Emelie Burnette<br/>Indexer: BIM Indexing and Proofreading Services</p>
<p class="copy1">For information on distribution, translations, or bulk sales,<br/>please contact No Starch Press, Inc. directly:</p>
<p class="copy1">No Starch Press, Inc.<br/>245 8th Street, San Francisco, CA 94103<br/>phone: 1.415.863.9900; <a href="mailto:info@nostarch.com">info@nostarch.com</a><br/><a href="http://www.nostarch.com">www.nostarch.com</a></p>
<p class="copy1">The Library of Congress Control Number for the first edition is: 2014953114</p>
<p class="copy1">No Starch Press and the No Starch Press logo are registered trademarks of No Starch Press, Inc. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Rather than use a trademark symbol with every occurrence of a trademarked name, we are using the names only in an editorial fashion and to the benefit of the trademark owner, with no intention of infringement of the trademark.</p>
<p class="copy1">The information in this book is distributed on an &#8220;As Is&#8221; basis, without warranty. While every precaution has been taken in the preparation of this work, neither the author nor No Starch Press, Inc. shall have any liability to any person or entity with respect to any loss or damage caused or alleged to be caused directly or indirectly by the information contained in it.</p>
<p class="copy1">This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 United States License. To view a copy of this license, visit <em><a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/us/">http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/us/</a></em> or send a letter to Creative Commons, PO Box 1866, Mountain View, CA 94042, USA.</p>
</body>
</html>
